Session recorder and hybrid performance (#1177)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/05 Test authoring/02 Create tests from recordings/01 Using the browser recorder.md

---
title: 'Using the browser recorder'
excerpt: 'The browser recorder allows generating a k6 script based on a web session. It is available as extensions for Chrome and Firefox.'
---

The browser recorder lets you generate a k6 script based on a browser session.
It's available as an extension for [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/k6-browser-recorder/phjdhndljphphehjpgbmpocddnnmdbda?hl=en) and [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/k6-browser-recorder/).

## Before you start

Before you start, consider the following:

- [Be sure to record realistically](/test-authoring/create-tests-from-recordings/#be-sure-to-record-realistically)
- [A hybrid approach for load testing websites](/test-authoring/create-tests-from-recordings/#consider-hybrid-approach-for-load-testing-websites)

## How to record

> >  **Note: the recorder is free to use.**
> >
> > The browser recorder requires having a [k6 Cloud account](https://app.k6.io), but you do not need an active k6 Cloud subscription.
> >
> > When you finish recording the session, the browser extension uploads the auto-generated k6 test into your k6 Cloud account. You can then copy the script to edit it in your local IDE and run the test locally using the `k6 run` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Blockquote mod="note" title="The recorder is free to use">

The browser recorder requires a [k6 Cloud account](https://app.k6.io), but you do not need an active k6 Cloud subscription.

When you finish recording the session, the browser extension uploads the auto-generated k6 test into your k6 Cloud account. You can then copy the script to edit it in your local IDE and run the test locally using the `k6 run` command. 

</Blockquote>
```
